Scale Plan - Rapid Add-on
Updated over a week ago
MyFundedFutures is committed to providing traders with increased flexibility for faster payouts. The Scale Plan - Rapid Add-on introduces a daily payout option, enabling traders to access their profits more quickly. Traders can now request payouts on a daily basis, allowing them to realize their earnings as early as day one.

 

Evaluation

The evaluation stage for the Scale Rapid Add-on remains consistent with the current Scale Plan. Click here for Scale Plan evaluation rules and parameters.

 

Cost

The Rapid Add-on is FREE with the purchase of a 50k Scale Plan ($127).

The Rapid Add-on can ONLY be added at the time of purchasing a new Scale Plan and cannot be applied retroactively.

The Rapid Add-on is available for a limited time only. Take advantage of it today!

Start Now with the Scale Plan Rapid Add-On
 

Simulated Funded Rules

Intra-day Drawdown:

Your maximum loss limit increases based on your account's Equity High - Water Mark.

The maximum loss limit is $2,000, calculated based on your highest equity high, including unrealized profit. Click here for more information regarding intra-day drawdown.

Drawdown on the evaluation stage, remains end of day (EOD).

The maximum loss limit locks at $50,100.

 

How Does Rapid Add-on Payout Work?

Eligibility for Payout:

Eligible from Day One

Traders can request payout after market close

Required buffer: $2,100

Consistency: None

Payout Frequency: Daily, available after market close refresh

Minimum Payout: $500

Payouts are subject to an 80/20 profit split (80% to the trader, 20% to the firm)

 

News Trading

No T1 News trading allowed in the simulated funded stage. 

 

Max Contracts

5 minis / 50 micros

 

Live Account Transition Parameters

Upon reaching a cumulative total of $10,000 in simulated profits, your account will be reviewed by the risk team. This milestone allows the team to assess trading performance and determine suitability for transition to a live account.

Note: Cumulative totals include both profits made and payouts. For example:

A trader earns $6,000 in profits and requests $2,000 in payouts. After the payout, the remaining profit is $4,000. However, the cumulative total remains $6,000. The trader then earns another $4,000, reaching the $10,000 milestone with $8,000 in profit.

Once the transition to a live account is initiated, profits up to $5,000 will be deposited into the live account. Any remaining profits are forfeited.
​ 

The risk team may contact a trader at any point during your Sim Funded journey for a transition to a Live account. Any profits on your account(s) will be transitioned, up to the max value per plan. Remaining profits are forfeited. 